The Obama's are staying in D.C. for two
years after the President leaves office.
Chuck Todd: He's about to go from Commander in Chief
to Couch Commander.
you, Chuck Todd.!
What am I going to do in D.C. for two years?
(music)
The Vice President: Get around to London,
Mr. President.
The President: I can't go every day, can I?
The Vice President: Which do you like better?
These?
Or These?
The President: Joe, they're the same.
The Vice President: They capture different moods.
The President: Joe, I need some focus here.
The Vice President: Coming in here during aviator time,
thinks everything --
The President: I'm sorry, what's that?
The Vice President: I said, Mr. President,
you got to be practical.
And look, you can drive again,
you're going to need a license.
You love sports, why don't you volunteer to work one of
the teams around here?
(music)
The President: Is this the Washington Wizards?
I understand you're looking for some coaching help.
Let's just say I coached my daughter's team a few times.
Hello?
(music)
Female Speaker: 44.
The President: Finally.
So, I'm going to be in D.C. for awhile,
and I thought I'd take up driving again.
Female Speaker: What's the name?
The President: Barack Hussein Obama.
Female Speaker: Yikes.
Well, since you don't have a driver's license,
you're going to need a birth certificate.
The President: Really?
Female Speaker: Really.
The President: It's real.
Female Speaker: Is it?
Female Speaker: But is it?
(music)
The President: Oh.
Michelle left her phone.
Let's see here.
Huh.
She's got Snapchat.
Obamacare is great!
And it's really working!
Sign up now!
Male Speaker: Breaking news.
Wolf Blitzer: Michelle Obama in hot water,
after posting this video earlier today.
The President: Obamacare is great!
And it's really working!
Sign up now!
No?
Mrs. Obama: No.
The President: Did it get a lot of views, at least?
Mrs. Obama: Honey, enough.
Enough.
Why don't you just talk to somebody who has been
through this.
I got to go to SoulCycle.
The President: She's right.
I know who I need to talk to.
Hey.
It's Barack.
Listen, could we get together.
(music)
Now that is a great movie.
John Boehner: Yeah.
It gets me every time.
Tom Hanks: So long, partner.
(music)
The President: So, you got any advice for me?
John Boehner: So now you want my advice?
First, stop sending me all these LinkedIn requests.
And second, here's the beauty of this whole thing.
You've got all the time in the world to figure this out.
You can just be you for awhile.
If you know how to do that again.
The President: So I can just be me.
(music)
And I can wear my mom jeans in peace.
I hate these tight jeans.
John Boehner: That's good.
That's good.
Yesterday, I had a beer at 11:30 in the morning.
And you know, McDonalds now serves breakfast all day long.
The President: And Michelle's going to be at
spin class, so she'll never know.
John Boehner: Right.
Let it go.
And it won't be long, you'll be able to walk right out of
the Oval Office singing Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah
Zip-a-Dee-Day.
(laughter)
And you've got plenty of time to work on your tan.
And you know what?
I finally got the grand bargain on a sweet Chevy Tahoe.
Look here.
You want one?
Wolf Blitzer: Breaking news.
Former President Barack Obama on his 347th round of
golf for the year, and it's totally great.
And Gloria, not a problem for anybody.
Gloria Borger: I can't think of a reason to care, Wolf.
And believe me, I've tried.
(music)